Symbol? What symbol?
Could it be that you were too young to be dazzled?
Which daughter do you think of me as a substitute?
Do you really not remember me?
Still don’t want to talk to me?
I dont understand what you are saying?
If you see clearly,
I am Rong Yan,
What symbol do you mean?
Not even a grid?
That concentric face?
That spot on the back of your neck
And you are afraid of small dark spaces
Everywhere is here
You are just a perfunctory Nalan
Why are you unwilling to bear it?
What are you afraid of?
Hes holding you back
Ive already pulled up Yu Mo Qian
Why are people retreating now?
Let’s talk about my worries
six days to
But the most mediocre Buddha
You said these
But you want me to pay tribute to the previous one
Take responsibility for seduction
If this keeps you from giving birth
please